Your invitation to our virtual graduation celebrations Dear Tingting,We are holding a virtual graduation celebration on Thursday 10th September for this summer’s graduates and would be delighted for you to join us. All of this summer’s graduates will be invited back for an in-person graduation ceremony in the future, but in the meantime please join us in celebrating your achievements virtually.Ahead of this, we’re asking all graduates to join in the celebrations by sharing photos and films with us. These will then be shared at the virtual celebration with other congratulatory messages from our University community. As you haven’t yet signed up, if you would like to join us in the celebration, please register by 23:59 (UK time) on Thursday 27th August.More information, including how to register and deadlines for submitting your own photo or film can be found in the link below:Virtual graduation celebrations 2020  The registration form for the virtual graduation celebration also allows you to let us know if you would like to be included on Class of the Year merchandise.If you have any questions regarding the virtual graduation celebrations or have any trouble accessing the registration form, please contact infopoint@ed.ac.uk. Future graduation ceremoniesIf you attend the virtual graduation celebration you will still be invited to attend a formal graduation ceremony in the future, and we are looking forward to inviting you to an in-person ceremony as soon as we can.  It is currently not possible to hold live, indoor events in Scotland and we are following Scottish Government guidance to ensure the safety of our students, staff and visitors at all times. We will be in touch regarding in-person graduation ceremonies as soon as we can, in line with any new guidance on physical distancing and restrictions on the number of attendees.  Congratulations again on your achievements. You should be incredibly proud of your hard work during your time at the University of Edinburgh.   We wish you all the best for the future.     Best wishes,Colm   Professor Colm HarmonVice-Principal Students